None
Master Balls
Ultra Balls
Great Balls
Poké Balls
Safari Balls
Net Balls
Dive Balls
Nest Balls
Repeat Balls
Timer Balls
Luxury Balls
Premier Balls
Dusk Balls
Heal Balls
Quick Balls
Cherish Balls
Potions
Antidotes
Burn Heals
Ice Heals
Awakenings
Paralyze Heals
Full Restores
Max Potions
Hyper Potions
Super Potions
Full Heals
Revives
Max Revives
bottles of Fresh Water
bottles of Soda Pop
cans of Lemonade
bottles of Moomoo Milk
doses of Energy Powder
Energy Roots
doses of Heal Powder
Revival Herbs
Ethers
Max Ethers
Elixirs
Max Elixirs
Lava Cookies
cups of Berry Juice
bags of Sacred Ash
bottles of HP Up
bottles of Protein
bottles of Iron
bottles of Carbos
bottles of Calcium
Rare Candies
bottles of PP Up
bottles of Zinc
bottles of PP Max
Old Gateaux
Guard Specs.
Dire Hits
X Attacks
X Defenses
X Speeds
X Accuracies
X Sp. Atks
X Sp. Defs
Poké Dolls
Fluffy Tails
Blue Flutes
Yellow Flutes
Red Flutes
Black Flutes
White Flutes
piles of Shoal Salt
Shoal Shells
Red Shards
Blue Shards
Yellow Shards
Green Shards
Super Repels
Max Repels
Escape Ropes
Repels
Sun Stones
Moon Stones
Fire Stones
Thunder Stones
Water Stones
Leaf Stones
Tiny Mushrooms
Big Mushrooms
Pearls
Big Pearls
bags of Stardust
Star Pieces
Nuggets
Heart Scales
jars of Honey
bags of Growth Mulch
bags of Damp Mulch
bags of Stable Mulch
bags of Gooey Mulch
Root Fossils
Claw Fossils
Helix Fossils
Dome Fossils
Old Ambers
Armor Fossils
Skull Fossils
Rare Bones
Shiny Stones
Dusk Stones
Dawn Stones
Oval Stones
Odd Keystones
Griseous Orbs
cups of Tea
???
Autographs
Douse Drives
Shock Drives
Burn Drives
Chill Drives
???
Pokémon Box Links
Medicine Pockets
TM Cases
Candy Jars
Power-Up Pockets
Clothing Trunks
Catching Pockets
Battle Pockets
???
???
???
???
???
Sweet Hearts
Adamant Orbs
Lustrous Orbs
pieces of Greet Mail
pieces of Favored Mail
pieces of RSVP Mail
pieces of Thanks Mail
pieces of Inquiry Mail
pieces of Like Mail
pieces of Reply Mail
pieces of Bridge Mail S
pieces of Bridge Mail D
pieces of Bridge Mail T
pieces of Bridge Mail V
pieces of Bridge Mail M
Cheri Berries
Chesto Berries
Pecha Berries
Rawst Berries
Aspear Berries
Leppa Berries
Oran Berries
Persim Berries
Lum Berries
Sitrus Berries
Figy Berries
Wiki Berries
Mago Berries
Aguav Berries
Iapapa Berries
Razz Berries
Bluk Berries
Nanab Berries
Wepear Berries
Pinap Berries
Pomeg Berries
Kelpsy Berries
Qualot Berries
Hondew Berries
Grepa Berries
Tamato Berries
Cornn Berries
Magost Berries
Rabuta Berries
Nomel Berries
Spelon Berries
Pamtre Berries
Watmel Berries
Durin Berries
Belue Berries
Occa Berries
Passho Berries
Wacan Berries
Rindo Berries
Yache Berries
Chople Berries
Kebia Berries
Shuca Berries
Coba Berries
Payapa Berries
Tanga Berries
Charti Berries
Kasib Berries
Haban Berries
Colbur Berries
Babiri Berries
Chilan Berries
Liechi Berries
Ganlon Berries
Salac Berries
Petaya Berries
Apicot Berries
Lansat Berries
Starf Berries
Enigma Berries
Micle Berries
Custap Berries
Jaboca Berries
Rowap Berries
bags of Bright Powder
White Herbs
Macho Braces
Exp. Shares
Quick Claws
Soothe Bells
Mental Herbs
Choice Bands
King’s Rocks
piles of Silver Powder
Amulet Coins
Cleanse Tags
Soul Dews
Deep Sea Teeth
Deep Sea Scales
Smoke Balls
Everstones
Focus Bands
Lucky Eggs
Scope Lenses
Metal Coats
servings of Leftovers
Dragon Scales
Light Balls
bags of Soft Sand
Hard Stones
Miracle Seeds
pairs of Black Glasses
Black Belts
Magnets
Mystic Waters
Sharp Beaks
Poison Barbs
pieces of Never-Melt Ice
Spell Tags
Twisted Spoons
pieces of Charcoal
Dragon Fangs
Silk Scarves
Upgrades
Shell Bells
jars of Sea Incense
jars of Lax Incense
Lucky Punches
bags of Metal Powder
Thick Clubs
Leeks
Red Scarves
Blue Scarves
Pink Scarves
Green Scarves
Yellow Scarves
Wide Lenses
Muscle Bands
pairs of Wise Glasses
Expert Belts
lumps of Light Clay
Life Orbs
Power Herbs
Toxic Orbs
Flame Orbs
bags of Quick Powder
Focus Sashes
Zoom Lenses
Metronomes
Iron Balls
Lagging Tails
Destiny Knots
blobs of Black Sludge
Icy Rocks
Smooth Rocks
Heat Rocks
Damp Rocks
Grip Claws
Choice Scarves
Sticky Barbs
Power Bracers
Power Belts
Power Lenses
Power Bands
Power Anklets
Power Weights
Shed Shells
Big Roots
pairs of Choice Specs
Flame Plates
Splash Plates
Zap Plates
Meadow Plates
Icicle Plates
Fist Plates
Toxic Plates
Earth Plates
Sky Plates
Mind Plates
Insect Plates
Stone Plates
Spooky Plates
Draco Plates
Dread Plates
Iron Plates
jars of Odd Incense
jars of Rock Incense
jars of Full Incense
jars of Wave Incense
jars of Rose Incense
jars of Luck Incense
jars of Pure Incense
Protectors
Electirizers
Magmarizers
Dubious Discs
scraps of Reaper Cloth
Razor Claws
Razor Fangs
TM001s
TM002s
TM003s
TM004s
TM005s
TM006s
TM007s
TM008s
TM009s
TM010s
TM011s
TM012s
TM013s
TM014s
TM015s
TM016s
TM017s
TM018s
TM019s
TM020s
TM021s
TM022s
TM023s
TM024s
TM025s
TM026s
TM027s
TM028s
TM029s
TM030s
TM031s
TM032s
TM033s
TM034s
TM035s
TM036s
TM037s
TM038s
TM039s
TM040s
TM041s
TM042s
TM043s
TM044s
TM045s
TM046s
TM047s
TM048s
TM049s
TM050s
TM051s
TM052s
TM053s
TM054s
TM055s
TM056s
TM057s
TM058s
TM059s
TM060s
TM061s
TM062s
TM063s
TM064s
TM065s
TM066s
TM067s
TM068s
TM069s
TM070s
TM071s
TM072s
TM073s
TM074s
TM075s
TM076s
TM077s
TM078s
TM079s
TM080s
TM081s
TM082s
TM083s
TM084s
TM085s
TM086s
TM087s
TM088s
TM089s
TM090s
TM091s
TM092s
HM01s
HM02s
HM03s
HM04s
HM05s
HM06s
???
???
Explorer Kits
Loot Sacks
Rule Books
Poké Radars
Point Cards
Guidebooks
Sticker Cases
Fashion Cases
Sticker Bags
Pal Pads
Works Keys
Old Charms
Galactic Keys
Red Chains
Town Maps
Vs. Seekers
Coin Cases
Old Rods
Good Rods
Super Rods
Sprayducks
Poffin Cases
Bikes
Suite Keys
Oak’s Letters
Lunar Feathers
Member Cards
Azure Flutes
S.S. Tickets
Contest Passes
Magma Stones
Parcels
Coupon 1s
Coupon 2s
Coupon 3s
Storage Keys
doses of Secret Medicine
Vs. Recorders
Gracideas
Secret Keys
Apricorn Boxes
Unown Reports
Berry Pots
Dowsing Machines
Blue Cards
Slowpoke Tails
Clear Bells
Card Keys
Basement Keys
Squirt Bottles
Red Scales
Lost Items
Passes
Machine Parts
Silver Feathers
Rainbow Feathers
Mystery Eggs
Red Apricorns
Blue Apricorns
Yellow Apricorns
Green Apricorns
Pink Apricorns
White Apricorns
Black Apricorns
Fast Balls
Level Balls
Lure Balls
Heavy Balls
Love Balls
Friend Balls
Moon Balls
Sport Balls
Park Balls
Photo Albums
GB Sounds
Tidal Bells
Rage Candy Bars
Data Card 01s
Data Card 02s
Data Card 03s
Data Card 04s
Data Card 05s
Data Card 06s
Data Card 07s
Data Card 08s
Data Card 09s
Data Card 10s
Data Card 11s
Data Card 12s
Data Card 13s
Data Card 14s
Data Card 15s
Data Card 16s
Data Card 17s
Data Card 18s
Data Card 19s
Data Card 20s
Data Card 21s
Data Card 22s
Data Card 23s
Data Card 24s
Data Card 25s
Data Card 26s
Data Card 27s
Jade Orbs
Lock Capsules
Red Orbs
Blue Orbs
Enigma Stones
Prism Scales
Eviolites
Float Stones
Rocky Helmets
Air Balloons
Red Cards
Ring Targets
Binding Bands
Absorb Bulbs
Cell Batteries
Eject Buttons
Fire Gems
Water Gems
Electric Gems
Grass Gems
Ice Gems
Fighting Gems
Poison Gems
Ground Gems
Flying Gems
Psychic Gems
Bug Gems
Rock Gems
Ghost Gems
Dragon Gems
Dark Gems
Steel Gems
Normal Gems
Health Feathers
Muscle Feathers
Resist Feathers
Genius Feathers
Clever Feathers
Swift Feathers
Pretty Feathers
Cover Fossils
Plume Fossils
Liberty Passes
Pass Orbs
Dream Balls
Poké Toys
Prop Cases
Dragon Skulls
Balm Mushrooms
Big Nuggets
Pearl Strings
Comet Shards
Relic Coppers
Relic Silvers
Relic Golds
Relic Vases
Relic Bands
Relic Statues
Relic Crowns
Casteliacones
Dire Hit 2s
X Speed 2s
X Sp. Atk 2s
X Sp. Def 2s
X Defense 2s
X Attack 2s
X Accuracy 2s
X Speed 3s
X Sp. Atk 3s
X Sp. Def 3s
X Defense 3s
X Attack 3s
X Accuracy 3s
X Speed 6s
X Sp. Atk 6s
X Sp. Def 6s
X Defense 6s
X Attack 6s
X Accuracy 6s
Ability Urges
Item Drops
Item Urges
Reset Urges
Dire Hit 3s
Light Stones
Dark Stones
TM093s
TM094s
TM095s
Xtransceivers
???
Gram 1s
Gram 2s
Gram 3s
Xtransceivers
Medal Boxes
DNA Splicers
DNA Splicers
Permits
Oval Charms
Shiny Charms
Plasma Cards
Grubby Hankies
Colress Machines
Dropped Items
Dropped Items
Reveal Glasses
Weakness Policies
Assault Vests
Holo Casters
Prof’s Letters
pairs of Roller Skates
Pixie Plates
Ability Capsules
dollops of Whipped Dream
Sachets
clumps of Luminous Moss
Snowballs
pairs of Safety Goggles
Poké Flutes
bags of Rich Mulch
bags of Surprise Mulch
bags of Boost Mulch
bags of Amaze Mulch
Gengarites
Gardevoirites
Ampharosites
Venusaurites
Charizardite Xs
Blastoisinites
Mewtwonite Xs
Mewtwonite Ys
Blazikenites
Medichamites
Houndoominites
Aggronites
Banettites
Tyranitarites
Scizorites
Pinsirites
Aerodactylites
Lucarionites
Abomasites
Kangaskhanites
Gyaradosites
Absolites
Charizardite Ys
Alakazites
Heracronites
Mawilites
Manectites
Garchompites
Latiasites
Latiosites
Roseli Berries
Kee Berries
Maranga Berries
Sprinklotads
TM096s
TM097s
TM098s
TM099s
TM100s
Power Plant Passes
Mega Rings
Intriguing Stones
Common Stones
Discount Coupons
Elevator Keys
TMV Passes
Honor of Kalos emblems
Adventure Guides
Strange Souvenirs
Lens Cases
Makeup Bags
Travel Trunks
Lumiose Galettes
Shalour Sables
Jaw Fossils
Sail Fossils
Looker Tickets
Bikes
Holo Casters
Fairy Gems
Mega Charms
Mega Gloves
Mach Bikes
Acro Bikes
Wailmer Pails
cases of Devon Parts
Soot Sacks
Basement Keys
Pokéblock Kits
Letters
Eon Tickets
Scanners
pairs of Go-Goggles
Meteorites
Keys to Room 1
Keys to Room 2
Keys to Room 4
Keys to Room 6
Storage Keys
Devon Scopes
S.S. Tickets
HM07s
sets of Devon Scuba Gear
Contest Costumes
Contest Costumes
Magma Suits
Aqua Suits
Pairs of Tickets
Mega Bracelets
Mega Pendants
pairs of Mega Glasses
Mega Anchors
Mega Stickpins
Mega Tiaras
Mega Anklets
Meteorites
Swampertites
Sceptilites
Sablenites
Altarianites
Galladites
Audinites
Metagrossites
Sharpedonites
Slowbronites
Steelixites
Pidgeotites
Glalitites
Diancites
Prison Bottles
Mega Cuffs
Cameruptites
Lopunnites
Salamencites
Beedrillites
Meteorites
Meteorites
Key Stones
Meteorite Shards
Eon Flutes
pieces of Normalium Z
pieces of Firium Z
pieces of Waterium Z
pieces of Electrium Z
pieces of Grassium Z
pieces of Icium Z
pieces of Fightinium Z
pieces of Poisonium Z
pieces of Groundium Z
pieces Flyinium Z
pieces Psychium Z
pieces of Buginium Z
pieces of Rockium Z
pieces of Ghostium Z
pieces of Dragonium Z
pieces of Darkinium Z
pieces of Steelium Z
pieces of Fairium Z
pieces of Pikanium Z
Bottle Caps
Gold Bottle Caps
Z-Rings
pieces of Decidium Z
pieces of Incinium Z
pieces of Primarium Z
pieces of Tapunium Z
pieces of Marshadium Z
pieces of Aloraichium Z
pieces of Snorlium Z
pieces of Eevium Z
pieces of Mewnium Z
pieces of Normalium Z
pieces of Firium Z
pieces of Waterium Z
pieces of Electrium Z
pieces of Grassium Z
pieces of Icium Z
pieces of Fightinium Z
pieces of Poisonium Z
pieces of Groundium Z
pieces of Flyinium Z
pieces of Psychium Z
pieces of Buginium Z
pieces of Rockium Z
pieces of Ghostium Z
pieces of Dragonium Z
pieces of Darkinium Z
pieces of Steelium Z
pieces of Fairium Z
pieces of Pikanium Z
pieces of Decidium Z
pieces of Incinium Z
pieces of Primarium Z
pieces of Tapunium Z
pieces of Marshadium Z
pieces of Aloraichium Z
pieces of Snorlium Z
pieces of Eevium Z
pieces of Mewnium Z
pieces of Pikashunium Z
pieces of Pikashunium Z
???
???
???
???
Forage Bags
Fishing Rods
Professor’s Masks
Festival Tickets
Sparkling Stones
Adrenaline Orbs
Zygarde Cubes
???
Ice Stones
Ride Pagers
Beast Balls
Big Malasadas
jars of Red Nectar
jars of Yellow Nectar
jars of Pink Nectar
jars of Purple Nectar
Sun Flutes
Moon Flutes
???
Enigmatic Cards
Silver Razz Berries
Golden Razz Berries
Silver Nanab Berries
Golden Nanab Berries
Silver Pinap Berries
Golden Pinap Berries
???
???
???
???
???
Secret Keys
S.S. Tickets
Silph Scopes
Parcels
Card Keys
sets of Gold Teeth
Lift Keys
Terrain Extenders
sets of Protective Pads
Electric Seeds
Psychic Seeds
Misty Seeds
Grassy Seeds
Stretchy Springs
Chalky Stones
Marbles
Lone Earrings
pieces of Beach Glass
Gold Leaves
Silver Leaves
Polished Mud Balls
Tropical Shells
Leaf Letters
Leaf Letters
Small Bouquets
???
???
???
Lures
Super Lures
Max Lures
bags of Pewter Crunchies
Fighting Memories
Flying Memories
Poison Memories
Ground Memories
Rock Memories
Bug Memories
Ghost Memories
Steel Memories
Fire Memories
Water Memories
Grass Memories
Electric Memories
Psychic Memories
Ice Memories
Dragon Memories
Dark Memories
Fairy Memories
pieces of Solganium Z
pieces of Lunalium Z
pieces of Ultranecrozium Z
pieces of Mimikium Z
pieces of Lycanium Z
pieces of Kommonium Z
pieces of Solganium Z
pieces of Lunalium Z
pieces of Ultranecrozium Z
pieces of Mimikium Z
pieces of Lycanium Z
pieces of Kommonium Z
Z-Power Rings
Pink Petals
Orange Petals
Blue Petals
Red Petals
Green Petals
Yellow Petals
Purple Petals
Rainbow Flowers
Surge Badges
N-Solarizers
N-Lunarizers
N-Solarizers
N-Lunarizers
pieces of Ilima’s Normalium Z
Left Poké Balls
Roto Hatches
Roto Bargains
Roto Prize Money
Roto Exp. Points
Roto Friendships
Roto Encounters
Roto Stealths
Roto HP Restores
Roto PP Restores
Roto Boosts
Roto Catches
Health Candies
Mighty Candies
Tough Candies
Smart Candies
Courage Candies
Quick Candies
Health Candies L
Mighty Candies L
Tough Candies L
Smart Candies L
Courage Candies L
Quick Candies L
Health Candies XL
Mighty Candies XL
Tough Candies XL
Smart Candies XL
Courage Candies XL
Quick Candies XL
Bulbasaur Candies
Charmander Candies
Squirtle Candies
Caterpie Candies
Weedle Candies
Pidgey Candies
Rattata Candies
Spearow Candies
Ekans Candies
Pikachu Candies
Sandshrew Candies
Nidoran♀ Candies
Nidoran♂ Candies
Clefairy Candies
Vulpix Candies
Jigglypuff Candies
Zubat Candies
Oddish Candies
Paras Candies
Venonat Candies
Diglett Candies
Meowth Candies
Psyduck Candies
Mankey Candies
Growlithe Candies
Poliwag Candies
Abra Candies
Machop Candies
Bellsprout Candies
Tentacool Candies
Geodude Candies
Ponyta Candies
Slowpoke Candies
Magnemite Candies
Farfetch’d Candies
Doduo Candies
Seel Candies
Grimer Candies
Shellder Candies
Gastly Candies
Onix Candies
Drowzee Candies
Krabby Candies
Voltorb Candies
Exeggcute Candies
Cubone Candies
Hitmonlee Candies
Hitmonchan Candies
Lickitung Candies
Koffing Candies
Rhyhorn Candies
Chansey Candies
Tangela Candies
Kangaskhan Candies
Horsea Candies
Goldeen Candies
Staryu Candies
Mr. Mime Candies
Scyther Candies
Jynx Candies
Electabuzz Candies
Pinsir Candies
Tauros Candies
Magikarp Candies
Lapras Candies
Ditto Candies
Eevee Candies
Porygon Candies
Omanyte Candies
Kabuto Candies
Aerodactyl Candies
Snorlax Candies
Articuno Candies
Zapdos Candies
Moltres Candies
Dratini Candies
Mewtwo Candies
Mew Candies
Meltan Candies
Magmar Candies
???
???
???
???
???
???
???
???
???
???
???
???
???
???
???
???
letters of Endorsement
Pokémon Box Links
Wishing Stars
Dynamax Bands
???
???
Fishing Rods
Rotom Bikes
???
???
packs of Sausages
Bob’s Food Tins
Bach’s Food Tins
Tins of Beans
loaves of Bread
bags of Pasta
bags of Mixed Mushrooms
packs of Smoke-Poke Tail
Large Leeks
Fancy Apples
bags of Brittle Bones
Packs of Potatoes
Pungent Roots
bags of Salad Mix
packs of Fried Food
Boiled Eggs
sets of Camping Gear
???
???
Rusted Swords
Rusted Shields
Fossilized Birds
Fossilized Fish
Fossilized Drakes
Fossilized Dinos
Strawberry Sweets
Love Sweets
Berry Sweets
Clover Sweets
Flower Sweets
Star Sweets
Ribbon Sweets
Sweet Apples
Tart Apples
bottles of Throat Spray
Eject Packs
pairs of Heavy-Duty Boots
Blunder Policies
vouchers for Room Service
Utility Umbrellas
Exp. Candies XS
Exp. Candies S
Exp. Candies M
Exp. Candies L
Exp. Candies XL
Dynamax Candies
TR00s
TR01s
TR02s
TR03s
TR04s
TR05s
TR06s
TR07s
TR08s
TR09s
TR10s
TR11s
TR12s
TR13s
TR14s
TR15s
TR16s
TR17s
TR18s
TR19s
TR20s
TR21s
TR22s
TR23s
TR24s
TR25s
TR26s
TR27s
TR28s
TR29s
TR30s
TR31s
TR32s
TR33s
TR34s
TR35s
TR36s
TR37s
TR38s
TR39s
TR40s
TR41s
TR42s
TR43s
TR44s
TR45s
TR46s
TR47s
TR48s
TR49s
TR50s
TR51s
TR52s
TR53s
TR54s
TR55s
TR56s
TR57s
TR58s
TR59s
TR60s
TR61s
TR62s
TR63s
TR64s
TR65s
TR66s
TR67s
TR68s
TR69s
TR70s
TR71s
TR72s
TR73s
TR74s
TR75s
TR76s
TR77s
TR78s
TR79s
TR80s
TR81s
TR82s
TR83s
TR84s
TR85s
TR86s
TR87s
TR88s
TR89s
TR90s
TR91s
TR92s
TR93s
TR94s
TR95s
TR96s
TR97s
TR98s
TR99s
TM00s
sprigs of Lonely Mint
sprigs of Adamant Mint
sprigs of Naughty Mint
sprigs of Brave Mint
sprigs of Bold Mint
sprigs of Impish Mint
sprigs of Lax Mint
sprigs of Relaxed Mint
sprigs of Modest Mint
sprigs of Mild Mint
sprigs of Rash Mint
sprigs of Quiet Mint
sprigs of Calm Mint
sprigs of Gentle Mint
sprigs of Careful Mint
sprigs of Sassy Mint
sprigs of Timid Mint
sprigs of Hasty Mint
sprigs of Jolly Mint
sprigs of Naive Mint
sprigs of Serious Mint
Wishing Pieces
Cracked Pots
Chipped Pots
sets of Hi-tech Earbuds
Fruit Bunches
wheels of Moomoo Cheese
bottles of Spice Mix
packs of Fresh Cream
boxes of Packaged Curry
packs of Coconut Milk
cups of Instant Noodles
bags of Precooked Burger
bottles of Gigantamix
Wishing Chips
Rotom Bikes
Catching Charms
???
Old Letters
Band Autographs
copies of Sonia’s Book
???
???
???
???
???
???
Rotom Catalogs
★And458s
★And15s
★And337s
★And603s
★And390s
★Sgr6879s
★Sgr6859s
★Sgr6913s
★Sgr7348s
★Sgr7121s
★Sgr6746s
★Sgr7194s
★Sgr7337s
★Sgr7343s
★Sgr6812s
★Sgr7116s
★Sgr7264s
★Sgr7597s
★Del7882s
★Del7906s
★Del7852s
★Psc596s
★Psc361s
★Psc510s
★Psc437s
★Psc8773s
★Lep1865s
★Lep1829s
★Boo5340s
★Boo5506s
★Boo5435s
★Boo5602s
★Boo5733s
★Boo5235s
★Boo5351s
★Hya3748s
★Hya3903s
★Hya3418s
★Hya3482s
★Hya3845s
★Eri1084s
★Eri472s
★Eri1666s
★Eri897s
★Eri1231s
★Eri874s
★Eri1298s
★Eri1325s
★Eri984s
★Eri1464s
★Eri1393s
★Eri850s
★Tau1409s
★Tau1457s
★Tau1165s
★Tau1791s
★Tau1910s
★Tau1346s
★Tau1373s
★Tau1412s
★CMa2491s
★CMa2693s
★CMa2294s
★CMa2827s
★CMa2282s
★CMa2618s
★CMa2657s
★CMa2646s
★UMa4905s
★UMa4301s
★UMa5191s
★UMa5054s
★UMa4295s
★UMa4660s
★UMa4554s
★UMa4069s
★UMa3569s
★UMa3323s
★UMa4033s
★UMa4377s
★UMa4375s
★UMa4518s
★UMa3594s
★Vir5056s
★Vir4825s
★Vir4932s
★Vir4540s
★Vir4689s
★Vir5338s
★Vir4910s
★Vir5315s
★Vir5359s
★Vir5409s
★Vir5107s
★Ari617s
★Ari553s
★Ari546s
★Ari951s
★Ori1713s
★Ori2061s
★Ori1790s
★Ori1903s
★Ori1948s
★Ori2004s
★Ori1852s
★Ori1879s
★Ori1899s
★Ori1543s
★Cas21s
★Cas168s
★Cas403s
★Cas153s
★Cas542s
★Cas219s
★Cas265s
★Cnc3572s
★Cnc3208s
★Cnc3461s
★Cnc3449s
★Cnc3429s
★Cnc3627s
★Cnc3268s
★Cnc3249s
★Com4968s
★Crv4757s
★Crv4623s
★Crv4662s
★Crv4786s
★Aur1708s
★Aur2088s
★Aur1605s
★Aur2095s
★Aur1577s
★Aur1641s
★Aur1612s
★Pav7790s
★Cet911s
★Cet681s
★Cet188s
★Cet539s
★Cet804s
★Cep8974s
★Cep8162s
★Cep8238s
★Cep8417s
★Cen5267s
★Cen5288s
★Cen551s
★Cen5459s
★Cen5460s
★CMi2943s
★CMi2845s
★Equ8131s
★Vul7405s
★UMi424s
★UMi5563s
★UMi5735s
★UMi6789s
★Crt4287s
★Lyr7001s
★Lyr7178s
★Lyr7106s
★Lyr7298s
★Ara6585s
★Sco6134s
★Sco6527s
★Sco6553s
★Sco5953s
★Sco5984s
★Sco6508s
★Sco6084s
★Sco5944s
★Sco6630s
★Sco6027s
★Sco6247s
★Sco6252s
★Sco5928s
★Sco6241s
★Sco6165s
★Tri544s
★Leo3982s
★Leo4534s
★Leo4357s
★Leo4057s
★Leo4359s
★Leo4031s
★Leo3852s
★Leo3905s
★Leo3773s
★Gru8425s
★Gru8636s
★Gru8353s
★Lib5685s
★Lib5531s
★Lib5787s
★Lib5603s
★Pup3165s
★Pup3185s
★Pup3045s
★Cyg7924s
★Cyg7417s
★Cyg7796s
★Cyg8301s
★Cyg7949s
★Cyg7528s
★Oct7228s
★Col1956s
★Col2040s
★Col2177s
★Gem2990s
★Gem2891s
★Gem2421s
★Gem2473s
★Gem2216s
★Gem2777s
★Gem2650s
★Gem2286s
★Gem2484s
★Gem2930s
★Peg8775s
★Peg8781s
★Peg39s
★Peg8308s
★Peg8650s
★Peg8634s
★Peg8684s
★Peg8450s
★Peg8880s
★Peg8905s
★Oph6556s
★Oph6378s
★Oph6603s
★Oph6149s
★Oph6056s
★Oph6075s
★Ser5854s
★Ser7141s
★Ser5879s
★Her6406s
★Her6148s
★Her6410s
★Her6526s
★Her6117s
★Her6008s
★Per936s
★Per1017s
★Per1131s
★Per1228s
★Per834s
★Per941s
★Phe99s
★Phe338s
★Vel3634s
★Vel3485s
★Vel3734s
★Aqr8232s
★Aqr8414s
★Aqr8709s
★Aqr8518s
★Aqr7950s
★Aqr8499s
★Aqr8610s
★Aqr8264s
★Cru4853s
★Cru4730s
★Cru4763s
★Cru4700s
★Cru4656s
★PsA8728s
★TrA6217s
★Cap7776s
★Cap7754s
★Cap8278s
★Cap8322s
★Cap7773s
★Sge7479s
★Car2326s
★Car3685s
★Car3307s
★Car3699s
★Dra5744s
★Dra5291s
★Dra6705s
★Dra6536s
★Dra7310s
★Dra6688s
★Dra4434s
★Dra6370s
★Dra7462s
★Dra6396s
★Dra6132s
★Dra6636s
★CVn4915s
★CVn4785s
★CVn4846s
★Aql7595s
★Aql7557s
★Aql7525s
★Aql7602s
★Aql7235s
combs of Max Honey
clusters of Max Mushrooms
Galarica Twigs
Galarica Cuffs
Style Cards
Armor Passes
Rotom Bikes
Rotom Bikes
Exp. Charms
pieces of Armorite Ore
Mark Charms
sets of Reins of Unity
sets of Reins of Unity
Galarica Wreaths
copies of Legendary Clue 1
copies of Legendary Clue 2
copies of Legendary Clue 3
copies of a Legendary Clue?
Crown Passes
Wooden Crowns
Radiant Petals
tufts of White Mane Hair
tufts of Black Mane Hair
Iceroot Carrots
Shaderoot Carrots
pieces of Dynite Ore
bags of Carrot Seeds
Ability Patches
sets of Reins of Unity
Time Balms
Space Balms
Mysterious Balms
Linking Cords
Hometown Muffins
Apricorns
Jubilife Muffins
doses of Aux Powerguard
doses of Dire Hit
Choice Dumplings
servings of Twice-Spiced Radish
Swap Snacks
Caster Fern leaves
Seeds of Mastery
Poké Balls
???
pieces of Eternal Ice
Uxie’s Claws
Azelf’s Fangs
Mesprit’s Plumes
Tumblestones
Celestica Flutes
doses of Remedy
doses of Fine Remedy
combs of Dazzling Honey
stalks of Hearty Grains
pods of Plump Beans
Springy Mushrooms
hunks of Crunchy Salt
logs of Wood
bunches of King’s Leaf
Marsh Balms
Poké Ball recipes
Great Ball recipes
Ultra Ball recipes
Feather Ball recipes
Pokéshi Doll recipes
???
Smoke Bomb recipes
Scatter Bang recipes
Sticky Glob recipes
Star Piece recipes
Mushroom Cake recipes
Bugwort blooms
Honey Cake recipes
Grain Cake recipes
Bean Cake recipes
Salt Cake recipes
Potion recipes
Super Potion recipes
Hyper Potion recipes
Max Potion recipes
Full Restore recipes
Remedy recipes
Fine Remedy recipes
Superb Remedy recipes
Old Gateau recipes
Jubilife Muffin recipes
Full Heal recipes
Revive recipes
Max Revive recipes
Max Ether recipes
Max Elixir recipes
Stealth Spray recipes
???
Aux Power recipes
Aux Guard recipes
Dire Hit recipes
Aux Evasion recipes
Aux Powerguard recipes
Forest Balms
Iron Chunks
???
Black Tumblestones
Sky Tumblestones
???
Balls of Mud
???
Pop Pods
Sootfoot Roots
Spoiled Apricorns
Snowballs
Sticky Globs
pieces of Black Augurite
Peat Blocks
Stealth Sprays
Medicinal Leeks
Vivichokes
Pep-Up Plants
???
???
Tempting Charms B
Tempting Charms P
bunches of Swordcap
scraps of Iron Barktongue
bunches of Doppel Bonnets
Direshrooms
Sand Radishes
Tempting Charms T
Tempting Charms Y
Candy Truffles
balls of Cake-Lure Base
Poké Balls
Great Balls
Ultra Balls
Feather Balls
???
???
Scatter Bangs
Smoke Bombs
???
???
Pokéshi Dolls
Volcano Balms
Mountain Balms
Snow Balms
Honey Cakes
Grain Cakes
Bean Cakes
Mushroom Cakes
Salt Cakes
Swap Snack recipes
Choice Dumpling recipes
Twice-Spiced Radish recipes
Survival Charms R
Survival Charms B
Survival Charms P
Survival Charms T
Survival Charms Y
Torn Journals
Warding Charms R
Warding Charms B
Warding Charms P
Warding Charms T
Warding Charms Y
Wall Fragments
balls of Basculegion Food
Old Journals
Wing Balls
Jet Balls
Heavy Balls
Leaden Balls
Gigaton Balls
Wing Ball recipes
Jet Ball recipes
Heavy Ball recipes
Hopo Berries
doses of Superb Remedy
doses of Aux Power
doses of Aux Guard
doses of Aux Evasion
sacks of Grit Dust
sacks of Grit Gravel
Grit Pebbles
Grit Rocks
doses of Secret Medicine
Tempting Charms R
Lost Satchels
Lost Satchels
Lost Satchels
Lost Satchels
Lost Satchels
???
Origin Balls
???
???
???
???
pieces of Origin Ore
Adamant Crystals
Lustrous Globes
Griseous Cores
Blank Plates
???
Crafting Kits
Leaden Ball recipes
Gigaton Ball recipes
Strange Balls
Pokédexes
copies of Old Verse 1
copies of Old Verse 2
copies of Old Verse 3
copies of Old Verse 4
???
copies of Old Verse 5
copies of Old Verse 6
copies of Old Verse 7
copies of Old Verse 8
copies of Old Verse 9
copies of Old Verse 10
copies of Old Verse 11
copies of Old Verse 12
copies of Old Verse 13
copies of Old Verse 14
copies of Old Verse 15
copies of Old Verse 16
copies of Old Verse 17
copies of Old Verse 18
copies of Old Verse 19
copies of Old Verse 20
Mysterious Shards S
Mysterious Shards L
Digger Drills
Kanto Slates
Johto Slates
Soul Slates
Rainbow Slates
Squall Slates
Oceanic Slates
Tectonic Slates
Stratospheric Slates
Genome Slates
Discovery Slates
Distortion Slates
DS Sounds





Legend Plates
Rotom Phones
Sandwiches from Mom
Koraidon’s Poké Balls
Miraidon’s Poké Balls
Tera Orbs
copies of the Scarlet Book
copies of the Violet Book
Kofu’s Wallets





Tiny Bamboo Shoots
Big Bamboo Shoots













Scrolls of Darkness
Scrolls of Waters


sets of Malicious Armor
Normal Tera Shards
Fire Tera Shards
Water Tera Shards
Electric Tera Shards
Grass Tera Shards
Ice Tera Shards
Fighting Tera Shards
Poison Tera Shards
Ground Tera Shards
Flying Tera Shards
Psychic Tera Shards
Bug Tera Shards
Rock Tera Shards
Ghost Tera Shards
Dragon Tera Shards
Dark Tera Shards
Steel Tera Shards
Fairy Tera Shards
capsules of Booster Energy
Ability Shields
Clear Amulets
Mirror Herbs
Punching Gloves
Covert Cloaks
Loaded Dice

Baguettes
bottles of Mayonnaise
bottles of Ketchup
bottles of Mustard
pats of Butter
jars of Peanut Butter
bottles of Chili Sauce
shakers of Salt
shakers of Pepper
jars of Yogurt
bags of Whipped Cream
tubs of Cream Cheese
jars of Jam
crocks of Marmalade
cruets of Olive Oil
cruets of Vinegar
shakers of Sweet Herba Mystica
shakers of Salty Herba Mystica
shakers of Sour Herba Mystica
shakers of Bitter Herba Mystica
shakers of Spicy Herba Mystica
helpings of Lettuce
helpings of Tomato
helpings of Cherry Tomato
helpings of Cucumber
helpings of Pickle
helpings of Onion
helpings of Red Onion
helpings of Green Bell Pepper
helpings of Red Bell Pepper
helpings of Yellow Bell Pepper
helpings of Avocado
helpings of Bacon
helpings of Ham
helpings of Prosciutto
helpings of Chorizo
helpings of Herbed Sausage
Hamburger patties
helpings of Klawf Sticks
helpings of Smoked Fillet
Fried Fillets
helpings of Egg
Potato Tortillas
helpings of Tofu
helpings of Rice
helpings of Noodles
helpings of Potato Salad
helpings of Cheese
helpings of Banana
helpings of Strawberry
helpings of Apple
helpings of Kiwi
helpings of Pineapple
helpings of Jalapeño
tubs of Horseradish
shakers of Curry Powder
tubs of Wasabi
bunches of Watercress
bunches of Basil









Venonat Fangs
bags of Diglett Dirt
bags of Meowth Fur
bags of Psyduck Down
bags of Mankey Fur
bags of Growlithe Fur
Slowpoke Claws
Magnemite Screws
bags of Grimer Toxin
Shellder Pearls
bags of Gastly Gas
bags of Drowzee Fur
bags of Voltorb Sparks
Scyther Claws
bags of Tauros Hair
bags of Magikarp Scales
bags of Ditto Goo
bags of Eevee Fur
bags of Dratini Scales
bags of Pichu Fur
bags of Igglybuff Fluff
bags of Mareep Wool
Hoppip Leaves
Sunkern Leaves
Murkrow Baubles
bags of Misdreavus Tears
bags of Girafarig Fur
Pineco Husks
bags of Dunsparce Scales
bags of Qwilfish Spines
Heracross Claws
Sneasel Claws
Teddiursa Claws
Delibird Parcels
Houndour Fangs
Phanpy Nails
bags of Stantler Hair
Larvitar Claws
Wingull Feathers
bags of Ralts Dust
bags of Surskit Syrup
bags of Shroomish Spores
bags of Slakoth Fur
bags of Makuhita Sweat
bags of Azurill Fur
Sableye Gems
bags of Meditite Sweat
bags of Gulpin Mucus
bags of Numel Lava
bags of Torkoal Coal
Spoink Pearls
Cacnea Needles
bags of Swablu Fluff
Zangoose Claws
Seviper Fangs
bags of Barboach Slime
Shuppet Scraps
Tropius Leaves
bags of Snorunt Fur
bags of Luvdisc Scales
bags of Bagon Scales
Starly Feathers
Kricketot Shells
Shinx Fangs
bags of Combee Honey
bags of Pachirisu Fur
bags of Buizel Fur
bags of Shellos Mucus
bags of Drifloon Gas
bags of Stunky Fur
Bronzor Fragments
bags of Bonsly Tears
bags of Happiny Dust
Spiritomb Fragments
bags of Gible Scales
bags of Riolu Fur
bags of Hippopotas Sand
bags of Croagunk Poison
bags of Finneon Scales
bags of Snover Berries
bags of Rotom Sparks
Petilil Leaves
Basculin Fangs
Sandile Claws
bags of Zorua Fur
Gothita Eyelashes
bags of Deerling Hair
bags of Foongus Spores
bags of Alomomola Mucus
bags of Tynamo Slime
bags of Axew Scales
bags of Cubchoo Fur
bags of Cryogonal Ice
Pawniard Blades
Rufflet Feathers
bags of Deino Scales
bags of Larvesta Fuzz
Fletchling Feathers
bags of Scatterbug Powder
Litleo Tufts
bags of Flabébé Pollen
Skiddo Leaves
bags of Skrelp Kelp
Clauncher Claws
bags of Hawlucha Down
bags of Dedenne Fur
bags of Goomy Goo
Klefki Keys
bags of Bergmite Ice
bags of Noibat Fur
bags of Yungoos Fur
Crabrawler Shells
Oricorio Feathers
Rockruff Rocks
Mareanie Spikes
bags of Mudbray Mud
Fomantis Leaves
bags of Salandit Gas
bags of Bounsweet Sweat
bags of Oranguru Fur
bags of Passimian Fur
bags of Sandygast Sand
Komala Claws
Mimikyu Scraps
Bruxish Teeth
Chewtle Claws
bags of Skwovet Fur
bags of Arrokuda Scales
Rookidee Feathers
bags of Toxel Sparks
bags of Falinks Sweat
bags of Cufant Tarnish
bags of Rolycoly Coal
bags of Silicobra Sand
bags of Indeedee Fur
bags of Pincurchin Spines
bags of Snom Thread
bags of Impidimp Hair
bags of Applin Juice
Sinistea Chips
bags of Hatenna Dust
Stonjourner Stones
bags of Eiscue Down
bags of Dreepy Powder



bags of Lechonk Hair
bags of Tarountula Thread
Nymble Claws
bags of Rellor Mud
bags of Greavard Wax
bags of Flittle Down
bags of Wiglett Sand
Dondozo Whiskers
Veluza Fillets
bags of Finizen Mucus
bags of Smoliv Oil
Capsakid Seeds
bags of Tadbulb Mucus
bags of Varoom Fume
bags of Orthworm Tarnish
bags of Tandemaus Fur
bags of Cetoddle Grease
bags of Frigibax Scales
bags of Tatsugiri Scales
bags of Cyclizar Scales
bags of Pawmi Fur


Wattrel Feathers
Bombirdier Feathers
Squawkabilly Feathers
bags of Flamigo Down
Klawf Claws
bags of Nacli Salt
Glimmet Crystals
bags of Shroodle Ink
bags of Fidough Fur
Maschiff Fangs
Bramblin Twigs
Gimmighoul Coins


















bags of Tinkatink Hair
bags of Charcadet Soot
Toedscool Flaps
bags of Wooper Slime
TM100s
TM101s
TM102s
TM103s
TM104s
TM105s
TM106s
TM107s
TM108s
TM109s
TM110s
TM111s
TM112s
TM113s
TM114s
TM115s
TM116s
TM117s
TM118s
TM119s
TM120s
TM121s
TM122s
TM123s
TM124s
TM125s
TM126s
TM127s
TM128s
TM129s
TM130s
TM131s
TM132s
TM133s
TM134s
TM135s
TM136s
TM137s
TM138s
TM139s
TM140s
TM141s
TM142s
TM143s
TM144s
TM145s
TM146s
TM147s
TM148s
TM149s
TM150s
TM151s
TM152s
TM153s
TM154s
TM155s
TM156s
TM157s
TM158s
TM159s
TM160s
TM161s
TM162s
TM163s
TM164s
TM165s
TM166s
TM167s
TM168s
TM169s
TM170s
TM171s
TM172s
TM173s
TM174s
TM175s
TM176s
TM177s
TM178s
TM179s
TM180s
TM181s
TM182s
TM183s
TM184s
TM185s
TM186s
TM187s
TM188s
TM189s
TM190s
TM191s
TM192s
TM193s
TM194s
TM195s
TM196s
TM197s
TM198s
TM199s
TM200s
TM201s
TM202s
TM203s
TM204s
TM205s
TM206s
TM207s
TM208s
TM209s
TM210s
TM211s
TM212s
TM213s
TM214s
TM215s
TM216s
TM217s
TM218s
TM219s
TM220s
TM221s
TM222s
TM223s
TM224s
TM225s
TM226s
TM227s
TM228s
TM229s





















Picnic Sets

Academy Bottles
Academy Bottles
Polka-Dot Bottles
Striped Bottles
Diamond Bottles
Academy Cups
Academy Cups
Striped Cups
Polka-Dot Cups
Flower Pattern Cups
Academy Tablecloths
Academy Tablecloths
Whimsical Tablecloths
Leafy Tablecloths
Spooky Tablecloths

Academy Balls
Academy Balls
Marill Balls
Yarn Balls
Cyber Balls
Gold Picks
Silver Picks
Red-Flag Picks
Blue-Flag Picks
Pika-Pika Picks
Winking Pika Picks
Vee-Vee Picks
Smiling Vee Picks
Blue Poké Ball Picks

sets of Auspicious Armor
Leader’s Crests


Pink Bottles
Blue Bottles
Yellow Bottles
Steel Bottles (R)
Steel Bottles (Y)
Steel Bottles (B)
Silver Bottles
Barred Cups
Diamond Pattern Cups
Fire Pattern Cups
Pink Cups
Blue Cups
Yellow Cups
Pikachu Cups
Eevee Cups
Slowpoke Cups
Silver Cups
Exercise Balls
Plaid Tablecloths (Y)
Plaid Tablecloths (B)
Plaid Tablecloths (R)
B&W Grass Tablecloths
Battle Tablecloths
Monstrous Tablecloths
Striped Tablecloths
Diamond Tablecloths
Polka-Dot Tablecloths
Lilac Tablecloths
Mint Tablecloths
Peach Tablecloths
Yellow Tablecloths
Blue Tablecloths
Pink Tablecloths
Gold Bottles
Bronze Bottles
Gold Cups
Bronze Cups
Green Poké Ball Picks
Red Poké Ball Picks
Party Sparkler Picks
Heroic Sword Picks
Magical Star Picks
Magical Heart Picks
Parasol Picks
Blue-Sky Flower Picks
Sunset Flower Picks
Sunrise Flower Picks
Blue Dishes
Green Dishes
Orange Dishes
Red Dishes
White Dishes
Yellow Dishes
Fairy Feathers
Syrupy Apples
Unremarkable Teacups
Masterpiece Teacups
Teal Masks
Cornerstone Masks
Wellspring Masks
Hearthflame Masks
Teal Style Cards
Crystal Clusters
Health Mochi
Muscle Mochi
Resist Mochi
Genius Mochi
Clever Mochi
Swift Mochi
sets of Simple Chairs
sets of Academy Chairs
sets of Academy Chairs
sets of Whimsical Chairs
sets of Leafy Chairs
sets of Spooky Chairs
sets of Plaid Chairs (Y)
sets of Plaid Chairs (B)
sets of Plaid Chairs (R)
sets of B&W Grass Chairs
sets of Battle Chairs
sets of Monstrous Chairs
sets of Striped Chairs
sets of Diamond Chairs
sets of Polka-Dot Chairs
sets of Lilac Chairs
sets of Mint Chairs
sets of Peach Chairs
sets of Yellow Chairs
sets of Blue Chairs
sets of Pink Chairs
Ekans Fangs
Sandshrew Claws
bags of Cleffa Fur
bags of Vulpix Fur
bags of Poliwag Slime
Bellsprout Vines
Geodude Fragments
bags of Koffing Gas
Munchlax Fangs
bags of Sentret Fur
Hoothoot Feathers
bags of Spinarak Thread
bags of Aipom Hair
Yanma Spikes
Gligar Fangs
bags of Slugma Lava
bags of Swinub Hair
Poochyena Fangs
Lotad Leaves
Seedot Stems
Nosepass Fragments
bags of Volbeat Fluid
bags of Illumise Fluid
Corphish Shells
bags of Feebas Scales
Duskull Fragments
Chingling Fragments
bags of Timburr Sweat
Sewaddle Leaves
Ducklett Feathers
bags of Litwick Soot
Mienfoo Claws
Vullaby Feathers
Carbink Jewels
Phantump Twigs
bags of Grubbin Thread
bags of Cutiefly Powder
bags of Jangmo-o Scales
bags of Cramorant Down
Morpeko Snacks
bags of Poltchageist Powder
Fresh-Start Mochi
Roto-Sticks
Glimmering Charms
hunks of Metal Alloy
Indigo Style Cards
Oddish Leaves
Tentacool Stingers
bags of Doduo Down
bags of Seel Fur
Exeggcute Shells
bags of Tyrogue Sweat
Rhyhorn Fangs
bags of Horsea Ink
bags of Elekid Fur
bags of Magby Hair
Lapras Teardrops
Porygon Fragments
bags of Chinchou Sparks
bags of Snubbull Hair
Skarmory Feathers
bags of Smeargle Paint
bags of Plusle Fur
bags of Minun Fur
Trapinch Shells
Beldum Claws
Cranidos Spikes
Shieldon Claws
bags of Blitzle Mane Hair
Drilbur Claws
bags of Cottonee Fluff
bags of Scraggy Sweat
bags of Minccino Fur
bags of Solosis Gel
bags of Joltik Thread
Golett Shards
bags of Espurr Fur
bags of Inkay Ink
Pikipek Feathers
bags of Dewpider Thread
Comfey Flowers
Minior Shells
bags of Milcery Cream
bags of Duraludon Tarnish
Articuno Treats
Zapdos Treats
Moltres Treats
Raikou Treats
Entei Treats
Suicune Treats
Lugia Treats
Ho-Oh Treats
Latias Treats
Latios Treats
Kyogre Treats
Groudon Treats
Rayquaza Treats
Cobalion Treats
Terrakion Treats
Virizion Treats
Reshiram Treats
Zekrom Treats
Kyurem Treats
Solgaleo Treats
Lunala Treats
Necrozma Treats
Kubfu Treats
Glastrier Treats
Spectrier Treats
Indigo Disks
Fiery Picks
Stellar Tera Shards
Mythical Pecha Berries
Blueberry Tablecloths
sets of Blueberry Chairs
Synchro Machines
Meteorites
copies of the Scarlet Book
copies of the Violet Book
copies of Briar’s Book